README.rst, before:

..
    Copyright 2021 MicroEJ Corp. All rights reserved.
	This library is provided in source code for use, modification and test, subject to license terms.
	Any modification of the source code will break MicroEJ Corp. warranties on the whole library.

.. image:: https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_5.4.json
  :alt: SDK 5.4 Compatible

.. image:: https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_4.1.json
  :alt: SDK 4.1 Compatible

=================================
 Docker for MicroEJ BuildKit SDK
=================================

Overview
========

This is the git repository to build the MicroEJ BuildKit Docker Image for various MicroEJ SDK versions.

Documentation
=============

MicroEJ SDK version ``5.4.1`` and above
---------------------------------------

For MicroEJ SDK version ``5.4.1`` and above, please refer to https://docs.microej.com/en/latest/ApplicationDeveloperGuide/mmm.html#command-line-interface.

Build the image from ``Dockerfile``:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker build -t sdk:5.4.1 5.4.1

Start the image for interactive usage:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker run --rm -it sdk:5.4.1 bash

Build a project from a local folder:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker run --rm -v PATH/TO/PROJECT:/project -w /project sdk:5.4.1 mmm build

MicroEJ SDK version ``4.1.5`` to ``5.3.1``
------------------------------------------

For MicroEJ SDK version ``4.1.5`` to ``5.3.1``, please refer to https://github.com/MicroEJ/Tool-CommandLineBuild.

Build the image from ``Dockerfile``:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker build -t sdk:4.1.5 4.1.5

Start the image for interactive usage:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker run --rm -it sdk:4.1.5 bash

Build a project from a local folder:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker run --rm -v PATH/TO/PROJECT:/project -w /project sdk:4.1.5 build_module_local.sh ./

Where to get help?
==================

- `MicroEJ Forum <https://forum.microej.com>`_
- `MicroEJ Documentation Center <https://docs.microej.com>`_
- `MicroEJ Technical Hot-line <https://www.microej.com/contact/#form_2>`_

Commit message:

Add "automated tests" recommendations in README

README.rst, after:

..
    Copyright 2021 MicroEJ Corp. All rights reserved.
	This library is provided in source code for use, modification and test, subject to license terms.
	Any modification of the source code will break MicroEJ Corp. warranties on the whole library.

.. image:: https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_5.4.json
  :alt: SDK 5.4 Compatible

.. image:: https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_4.1.json
  :alt: SDK 4.1 Compatible

=================================
 Docker for MicroEJ BuildKit SDK
=================================

Overview
========

This is the git repository to build the MicroEJ BuildKit Docker Image for various MicroEJ SDK versions.

Documentation
=============

MicroEJ SDK version ``5.4.1`` and above
---------------------------------------

For MicroEJ SDK version ``5.4.1`` and above, please refer to https://docs.microej.com/en/latest/ApplicationDeveloperGuide/mmm.html#command-line-interface.

Build the image from ``Dockerfile``:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker build -t sdk:5.4.1 5.4.1

Start the image for interactive usage:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker run --rm -it sdk:5.4.1 bash

Build a project from a local folder:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker run --rm -v PATH/TO/PROJECT:/project -w /project sdk:5.4.1 mmm build

MicroEJ SDK version ``4.1.5`` to ``5.3.1``
------------------------------------------

For MicroEJ SDK version ``4.1.5`` to ``5.3.1``, please refer to https://github.com/MicroEJ/Tool-CommandLineBuild.

Build the image from ``Dockerfile``:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker build -t sdk:4.1.5 4.1.5

Start the image for interactive usage:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker run --rm -it sdk:4.1.5 bash

Build a project from a local folder:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker run --rm -v PATH/TO/PROJECT:/project -w /project sdk:4.1.5 build_module_local.sh ./

Automated tests
---------------

| A Jenkinsfile is at the root of this project to automatically test project Dockerfiles. You can launch it using Jenkins CI.
| We followed the Jenkins recommendations to write this Jenkinsfile : `Using Docker with Pipeline <https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/docker/>`_.
| If you want to run it, you need to have at least one node labelled "docker".

Where to get help?
==================

- `MicroEJ Forum <https://forum.microej.com>`_
- `MicroEJ Documentation Center <https://docs.microej.com>`_
- `MicroEJ Technical Hot-line <https://www.microej.com/contact/#form_2>`_
