README.md, before:

![SDK 5.8 Compatible](https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_5.8.json)
![SDK 5.7 Compatible](https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_5.7.json)
![SDK 5.6 Compatible](https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_5.6.json)
![SDK 5.5 Compatible](https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_5.5.json)
![SDK 5.4 Compatible](https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_5.4.json)
![SDK 4.1 Compatible](https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_4.1.json)

# Docker for MicroEJ BuildKit SDK

## Overview

This is the git repository to build the MicroEJ BuildKit Docker Image
for various MicroEJ SDK versions.

## Documentation

All images referenced in this document are available in our [Docker Hub repository](https://hub.docker.com/u/microej/).
You can also build them yourself following build instruction bellow and our [Github repository](https://github.com/MicroEJ/Tool-SDK-Docker).

### MicroEJ SDK version `5.4.1` and above

For MicroEJ SDK version `5.4.1` and above, please refer to
<https://docs.microej.com/en/latest/ApplicationDeveloperGuide/mmm.html#command-line-interface>.

Start the image for interactive usage:

``` console
$ docker run --rm -it microej/sdk:5.4.1 bash
```

Build a project from a local folder:

``` console
$ docker run --rm -v PATH/TO/PROJECT:/project -w /project microej/sdk:5.4.1 mmm build
```

You can also build the image yourself from `Dockerfile`:

``` console
$ docker build -t microej/sdk:5.4.1 5.4.1
```

### MicroEJ SDK version `4.1.5` to `5.3.1`

For MicroEJ SDK version `4.1.5` to `5.3.1`, please refer to
<https://github.com/MicroEJ/Tool-CommandLineBuild>.

Start the image for interactive usage:

``` console
$ docker run --rm -it microej/sdk:4.1.5 bash
```

Build a project from a local folder:

``` console
$ docker run --rm -v PATH/TO/PROJECT:/project -w /project microej/sdk:4.1.5 build_module_local.sh ./
```

You can also build the image yourself from `Dockerfile`:

``` console
$ docker build -t microej/sdk:4.1.5 4.1.5
```

### Automated tests

A Jenkinsfile is at the root of this project to automatically test  project Dockerfiles. You can launch it using Jenkins CI. \
We followed the Jenkins recommendations to write this Jenkinsfile : [Using Docker with Pipeline](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/docker/). \
If you want to run it, you need to have at least one node labelled `docker`.

## F.A.Q

### How can I add my custom certificate to fetch my company dependencies using mmm ?

You can either :

#### Update existing keystore

Add your custom CA certificate to the docker image by adding these lines
to the `Dockerfile` you want to build :

``` console
USER root
COPY company.cer $JAVA_HOME/jre/lib/security
RUN \
    cd $JAVA_HOME/jre/lib/security \
    && keytool -keystore cacerts -storepass changeit -noprompt -trustcacerts -importcert -alias companycert -file company.cer
```

#### Use custom keystore

Mount your keystore using -v in the docker container and use it with mmm
by adding `-Djavax.net.ssl.trustStore=keystore_path_in_container` to
your build

### How can I use my custom ivysettings to use my company maven repository ?

The recommended way to do that is to mount your ivysettings into your
docker container and use MMM-CLI with parameter `-r` to specify the
module repository settings file location.

Please refer to [MicroEJ Module Manager
documentation](https://docs.microej.com/en/latest/SDKUserGuide/mmm.html)
for more information.

## Where to get help?

-   [MicroEJ Forum](https://forum.microej.com)
-   [MicroEJ Documentation Center](https://docs.microej.com)
-   [MicroEJ Technical Hot-line](https://www.microej.com/contact/#form_2)

---
_Markdown_  
_Copyright 2021-2022 MicroEJ Corp. All rights reserved._
_Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be found with this software._

Commit message:

M0090IDE-4396 Update EULA variable name and update README

README.md, after:

![SDK 5.8 Compatible](https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_5.8.json)
![SDK 5.7 Compatible](https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_5.7.json)
![SDK 5.6 Compatible](https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_5.6.json)
![SDK 5.5 Compatible](https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_5.5.json)
![SDK 5.4 Compatible](https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_5.4.json)
![SDK 4.1 Compatible](https://shields.microej.com/endpoint?url=https://repository.microej.com/packages/badges/sdk_4.1.json)

# Docker for MicroEJ BuildKit SDK

## Overview

This is the git repository to build the MicroEJ BuildKit Docker Image
for various MicroEJ SDK versions.

## Documentation

All images referenced in this document are available in our [Docker Hub repository](https://hub.docker.com/u/microej/).
You can also build them yourself following build instruction bellow and our [Github repository](https://github.com/MicroEJ/Tool-SDK-Docker).

### MicroEJ SDK version `5.4.1` and above

For MicroEJ SDK version `5.4.1` and above, please refer to
<https://docs.microej.com/en/latest/ApplicationDeveloperGuide/mmm.html#command-line-interface>.

The use of the SDK Docker images requires to approve the End-User License Agreement.
You can accept the EULA by setting the **ACCEPT_MICROEJ_SDK_EULA_XXX** environment variable to **YES**,
whereis **XXX** is the version of the EULA version, for example `ACCEPT_MICROEJ_SDK_EULA_V3_1B=YES`.

Start the image for interactive usage:

``` console
$ docker run --rm -it -e ACCEPT_MICROEJ_SDK_EULA_V3_1B=YES microej/sdk:5.8.1 bash
```

Build a project from a local folder:

``` console
$ docker run --rm -v PATH/TO/PROJECT:/project -w /project -e ACCEPT_MICROEJ_SDK_EULA_V3_1B=YES microej/sdk:5.8.1 mmm build
```

You can also build the image yourself from the `Dockerfile`.
This requires to:
- [retrieve the Portable version of the SDK](https://docs.microej.com/en/latest/SDKUserGuide/installSDKDistributionPortable.html)
- upload it to an accessible remote location in a folder named after the SDK version. For example if your base URL is `https://my.server/microej-sdk` and the SDK version is 23.07, the SDK Distribution should be uploaded at `https://my.server/microej-sdk/23.07/microej-sdk-23.07-linux_x86_64.zip`.
- launch the build of the image with the `SDK_DISTRIBUTION_BASE_URL` argument:

``` console
$ docker build --build-arg="SDK_DISTRIBUTION_BASE_URL=https://my.server/microej-sdk" -t microej/sdk:5.8.1 5.8.1
```

### MicroEJ SDK version `4.1.5` to `5.3.1`

For MicroEJ SDK version `4.1.5` to `5.3.1`, please refer to
<https://github.com/MicroEJ/Tool-CommandLineBuild>.

Start the image for interactive usage:

``` console
$ docker run --rm -it microej/sdk:4.1.5 bash
```

Build a project from a local folder:

``` console
$ docker run --rm -v PATH/TO/PROJECT:/project -w /project microej/sdk:4.1.5 build_module_local.sh ./
```

You can also build the image yourself from `Dockerfile`:

``` console
$ docker build -t microej/sdk:4.1.5 4.1.5
```

### Automated tests

A Jenkinsfile is at the root of this project to automatically test  project Dockerfiles. You can launch it using Jenkins CI. \
We followed the Jenkins recommendations to write this Jenkinsfile : [Using Docker with Pipeline](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/docker/). \
If you want to run it, you need to have at least one node labelled `docker`.

## F.A.Q

### How can I add my custom certificate to fetch my company dependencies using mmm ?

You can either :

#### Update existing keystore

Add your custom CA certificate to the docker image by adding these lines
to the `Dockerfile` you want to build :

``` console
USER root
COPY company.cer $JAVA_HOME/jre/lib/security
RUN \
    cd $JAVA_HOME/jre/lib/security \
    && keytool -keystore cacerts -storepass changeit -noprompt -trustcacerts -importcert -alias companycert -file company.cer
```

#### Use custom keystore

Mount your keystore using -v in the docker container and use it with mmm
by adding `-Djavax.net.ssl.trustStore=keystore_path_in_container` to
your build

### How can I use my custom ivysettings to use my company maven repository ?

The recommended way to do that is to mount your ivysettings into your
docker container and use MMM-CLI with parameter `-r` to specify the
module repository settings file location.

Please refer to [MicroEJ Module Manager
documentation](https://docs.microej.com/en/latest/SDKUserGuide/mmm.html)
for more information.

## Where to get help?

-   [MicroEJ Forum](https://forum.microej.com)
-   [MicroEJ Documentation Center](https://docs.microej.com)
-   [MicroEJ Technical Hot-line](https://www.microej.com/contact/#form_2)

---
_Markdown_  
_Copyright 2021-2023 MicroEJ Corp. All rights reserved._
_Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be found with this software._
